​​​ ​IRyS - HERE COMES HOPE​ ​​
​​​ ​Music: Tom-H@ck​ ​​
​​​ ​Lyrics: hotaru​ ​​
​​​ ​Arrange: RINZO​ ​​
​​​ ​Illust: 雨傘ゆん (Amagasa Yun)​ ​​
​​​ ​ぜつぼう の せかい の なか​ ​​
​​​ ​絶望の世界の中​ ​​
​​​ ​えいえん の ような やみ を みた​ ​​
​​​ ​永遠の様な闇を見た​ ​​
​​​ ​Who is the criminal?​ ​​
​​​ ​Who knows the answer?​ ​​
​​​ ​だれも が め を ふせた まま​ ​​
​​​ ​誰もが目を伏せたまま​ ​​
​​​ ​じめん に なに か さがしてた​ ​​
​​​ ​地面に何か探してた​ ​​
​​​ ​What do they look for?​ ​​
​​​ ​How can they find it?​ ​​
​​​ ​てんし の ような じひ だけ じゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​天使の様な慈悲だけじゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​あくま の けだかさ だけ じゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​悪魔の気高さだけじゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​Not enough そう ひかり を みいだす に は​ ​​
​​​ ​Not enough そう 光を見出すには​ ​​
​​​ ​Just wanna light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​
​​​ ​がれき の なか うずもれて も かがやく しん の きぼう​ ​​
​​​ ​瓦礫の中埋もれても 輝く真の希望​ ​​
​​​ ​Light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​
​​​ ​かなた まで はて まで てらせ​ ​​
​​​ ​彼方まで果てまで照らせ​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me go again tonight. Sing loud​ ​​
​​​ ​あくむ を みている ような​ ​​
​​​ ​悪夢を見ている様な​ ​​
​​​ ​ざんこく が め の まえ に あった​ ​​
​​​ ​残酷が目の前にあった​ ​​
​​​ ​Where am I standing?​ ​​
​​​ ​Where’s the peace I know?​ ​​
​​​ ​だれも が よく に まみれて​ ​​
​​​ ​誰もが欲にまみれて​ ​​
​​​ ​だれか を おとしめ わらっていた​ ​​
​​​ ​誰かを貶め嗤っていた​ ​​
​​​ ​Do they have kindness?​ ​​
​​​ ​Do they have no love?​ ​​
​​​ ​ゆるし を あたえる だけ じゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​赦しを与えるだけじゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​あしき を ばっする だけ じゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​悪しきを罰するだけじゃ​ ​​
​​​ ​Not enough そう わたし の りそうぞう に は​ ​​
​​​ ​Not enough そう 私の理想像には​ ​​
​​​ ​Don’t wanna give up the hope in life​ ​​
​​​ ​Without taking a chance and try it​ ​​
​​​ ​みにくい こころ の そこ で わきだす ピュアな かんじょう​ ​​
​​​ ​醜い心の底で 湧き出す純粋な感情​ ​​
​​​ ​Give up the hope in life​ ​​
​​​ ​Without taking a chance and try?​ ​​
​​​ ​たちあがれ なんど まけて も​ ​​
​​​ ​立ち上がれ何度負けても​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me go again tonight​ ​​
​​​ ​みらい で も すくい で も ない​ ​​
​​​ ​未来でも救いでもない​ ​​
​​​ ​あまい ことば は いらない​ ​​
​​​ ​甘い言葉は要らない​ ​​
​​​ ​I’ll risk my all せかい の きぼう の ために​ ​​
​​​ ​I’ll risk my all 世界の希望の為に​ ​​
​​​ ​Just wanna light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​
​​​ ​がれき の なか うずもれて も かがやく しん の きぼう​ ​​
​​​ ​瓦礫の中埋もれても 輝く真の希望​ ​​
​​​ ​Light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​
​​​ ​かなた まで はて まで てらせ​ ​​
​​​ ​彼方まで果てまで照らせ​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me go again tonight. Sing loud​ ​​
​​​ ​Light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me go again tonight. Sing loud​ ​​
​​​ ​Light up the hope in life.​ ​​
​​​ ​That is made by my black and white​ ​​